---
title: Blog entry 6 
layout: post
author: jamie.bozier
permalink: /blog-entry-6-/
source-id: 1pfqlVcLEwDmhr6amrlvX1BIsKwb8n9ktVWHRmvmiyEI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making a blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/03/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A working spreadsheet with vlookup and counted if formulas.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To start to split up my spreadsheet to make it clearer.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes. I split up my spreadsheet into multiple spreadsheets and I also began to think about the task more like a business, including all the things like overheads.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, I learnt by exploring what I could do on Google sheets, as I needed to transfer some of the formulas onto separate spreadsheets, and I tried multiple methods to do this. Additionally, I learnt today by thinking more widely, and by being able to think about the grand aim of what I want to helped me create all the spreadsheets and factors that I needed to include. I think this idea of evaluating my work was very effective for me today. Finally, I learnt how to do if errors by reading through what it does systematically, and then incorporated it to go around my vlookup </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that I need to work on focusing more on specific tasks I needed to do. Although my evaluative thinking allowed me to understand and put in what needs to be included, I didn't actually write code for much today. This is because I had no sort of plan as to what tasks I was going to do, or which ones were more important. This meant I was switching between tasks throughout the lesson, and this limited my learning today.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make sure that I have a plan, and understand what tasks are more important than others. This will improve my learning as it will mean that I will be able to manage my work, especially when I have lots of jobs to do, as it means I can achieve some tasks completely rather than working on multiple different tasks and not fully achieving anything. By focusing on one task and achieving it, I have a better idea of where I am at in terms of tasks I need to do.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


