---
title: Blog entry 5
layout: post
author: jamie.bozier
permalink: /blog-entry-5/
source-id: 13qAbnPTk7nE8mIi9nXkterlDJ16lFTiyl6q3lpT8KKQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Making a blog</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <th>13/10/16</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>A basic stock list with stock and prices and GitHub page</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To insert Vlookup countif and varied if formulas</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> Yes. The Vlookup and and the varied if formula worked well. I also learnt about iferror formulas</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I learnt by applying logic and reason to my learning. When I inserted my VLookup formula, and it did not work, I systematically checked through all the arguments of the formula, and in the end I fixed it ( but the problem was that the calculation setting was on US mode).Additionally, I added varied if formulas to cross reference certain parts of my tables, including the multiple different delivery charges or discounts I had. Also, I used learnt how to use if errors, and used my initiative to work out how to use them.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today my learning was limited by my lack of efficiency. Although in the end I did get everything, I need to work on being efficient as well as being logical. There are some simple errors that are extremely common, most notably syntax errors like not putting capital letters and spelling things incorrectly. While I should be logical, systematic, and thorough in checking, I should have a list if things that I should go through first</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will make sure I balance efficiency and thoroughness. I should check simple, common mistakes like misspelling or not or using (or using) capital letters when they are / are not required.This will improve my learning as it will save me time trying to fix errors while i'm working but also help me understand common mistakes I make in everything I do, and try to make sure I cut down on  the common mistakes.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


