---
title: Blog entry 9
layout: post
author: jamie.bozier
permalink: /blog-entry-9/
source-id: 1osn-P6LONI0d_si-HaZq2PnLEUlEaSGee79jhgNB2iw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog entry 9</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>18/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>An improved website with multiple changes and improvements after reflecting on my website and other people's website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finalise the details of my blog, including the drop down and getting pictures as links</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes. My dropdown now more aesthetically pleasing and i have added working links to my blogs using images and captions.         </td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I had to make sure that I had a plan as to what I had to do. With error 405, a common error across all of github, and the time it takes for changes to be implemented longer than ever, I had to make the best of the time I had, as I had some significant changes to make. Hence, my ability to plan came in very useful as it meant as soon as I had got over the errors, I was very efficient in getting things done. It also helped me to understand what that I had to do for homework and what I needed to get done before it was marked. Also,I used initiative while github was going through error 405, as I knew what I wanted to do next, and got the corresponding section on w3schools up, which helped me in the end with the styling of my dropdown ( I knew how to do a dropdown but used other resources to supplement my knowledge)</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I need to have a bit more perseverance when working. This was especially clear today because of error 405 and updating problems making progress extremely slow. Although I did make fairly good use of my time in the end while the system was loading, I was getting frustrated with the system. I should have persevered and just accepted that the errors were going to occur, but just to keep refreshing, and doing the best that I could with the situation I was in.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make sure that although I may encounter setbacks and things that make progress slow, I just need to keep calm and persevere, doing the best I can with the system. I also need to try and be more productive during from the start, as I spent some of the time looking at other people's blogs, something that I did not need to do as we had done it last week; I need to try and get working quicker, as I was quite productive once I got going.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


