---
title: Creating a basic spreadsheet
layout: post
author: jamie.bozier
permalink: /blog-entry-4/
source-id: 1fMnzNHzXUlPlk2IYqlXgQrUeoAtxU704uPPh-ljoWmc
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Making a blog</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>30/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>

<table>
  <tr>
  <th>Starting point</th>
    <td>Customised website. No spreadsheet</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To make a spreadsheet and work on website's appearance</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> I reached part of my target in terms of working on my website because I made the background static and changed the height of the tables and alignment of the text.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned today by taking notes on the important points that Mr Keen made about the formulas on spreadsheets, allowing me to do my spreadsheet work quickly and effectively. Hence, making notes while Mr Keen was speaking was very effective and useful way of learning today, and I can always refer back to those notes. Additionally, I think that my perseverance was useful today, as I used it to fix the syntax errors I had multiple times on my opacity levels.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Today I was rushing my learning and not thinking about it logically. When the class were working out how to do discounts on Google sheets, ( with little success) I was thinking up of as many answers as I can. This strategy limited my learning and progression, as I wasn't thinking enough, and hence was just thinking up the same, wrong answers over and over again. If I had just thought about the problem a bit more, I could have understood it a bit more, and produced a right answer and know why it was a correct answer.</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that to improve my learning i need to read more carefully, understand the problem a bit more and take my time. I will make sure I will think about why a certain answer is wrong, as it will help me understand how i must change the answer and make it a lot easier for me to understand and get the answer write. This will improve my learning as it will mean I can think more effectively and hence work more effectively.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


