<nav>
<div class="dropdown"> 
                <li class= "active"><a href="index.html">Home</a></li>
                <li><a href="2016-10-22-Blog-entry-7.md">Blog entry 7</a></li>
                <li><a href="2016-10-20-Blog-entry-6-.md">Blog entry 6</a></li>   
                <li><a href="2016-10-13-Blog-entry-5.md">Blog entry 5</a></li>          
                <li><a href="2016-09-30-Blog-entry-4.md">Blog entry 4</a></li>         
                <li><a href="2016-09-29-Blog-entry-3.md">Blog entry 3</a></li>             
                <li><a href="2016-09-22-Blog-entry-2.md">Blog entry 2</a></li>               
                <li><a href="2016-09-10-Blog-entry-1.md">Blog entry 1</a></li>
                <li><a href="">About</a></li>  
  </div>
</nav>
---

title: Blog entry 7
layout: post
author: jamie.bozier
permalink: /blog-entry-7/
source-id: 1cZIY1QPvwTZj1kFXDZlIXPvC_gMlWwTp1z6fn6oCg08
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <th>Making a blog</th>
    <th>Date</th>
    <th>22/10/16</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>I had an organised and structured spreadsheet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To make a page showing all stock and profits and to upload to blog, and to edit the HTML file on the blog.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td>To an extent. I made a spreadsheet compiling my total profits, and also managed to upload the spreadsheet to the blog. however, I didn't manage to edit the HTML file in the lesson, and so did for homework.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, I learnt logical thinking and by decomposing problems, breaking them down into more understandable pieces of code. An example of this in my learnt was when I was calculating my final gross profit and expenditure figures, as these included multiple if and vlookup formulas and were quite long formulas in the end. breaking the problem down allowed me to understand exactly what I was programming, as the elements of the coded were actually quite simple, but the end formula was quite complicated. Hence, I found this strategy very effective.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that today my work and learning was limited by my lack of having a plan of what I needed to do and what was more important. Having seen the mark scheme in the lesson, I understood what I needed to do to get decent marks. However, when I went back to work, I focused on doing more complicated tasks for things I had already done quite well rather than focusing on some of the criteria that I had not achieved so well, as one element not sone so well could bring my mark down a lot.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that next time I will make a brief plan as to the most important thing I must do, by reflecting on the task given. This will mean that I will have a starting point for every piece of criteria, and then can build and make it more complicated and advanced from there. This will improve my learning as it will make it easier to know what I have done or what I have to do and also it will mean that I can focus and work on one thing rather than constantly changing between tasks. </td>
  </tr>
</table>

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CCAE2XzXxxg75yrAEgEiSUcV_xpEBaFZYAd0Bo35_v4/pubhtml?widget=true&amp;headers=false"></iframe>
