---
title: Effective aesthetics
layout: post
author: jamie.bozier
permalink: /blog-entry-2/
source-id: 1aCrVWnXa0fpIIhppQP1dHRvBncwxF7tzhXdE4cHtOaI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <th>Blog entry 2</th>
    <th>Date</th>
    <th>17/09/16</th>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>I have a static page on github to post my blog</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To customise my static page by using css.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> I feel i did reach my target because I changed many things to do with the css, including the font weight, font family and the text alignment, as well as the font and background colours.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learned by using the resources given, such as the website w3 schools, which gave clear instructions about coding in css. Other strategies i used were using my own knowledge on font families along with the website flat UI colors to give the the hex code for the colours i desired. I found this to be the most effective strategy; using lots of different resources for different purposes to get the best result.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Specific to today, I was absent, and hence limited my learning, and so I did not hear Mr Keen's advice about css styling. Also, the fact that I was very quick to change everything. As soon as I got onto the style.css page,  I started changing things to my liking, which led to me not understanding exactly what I was doing. I need to work on reading and understanding the existing code before I start.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time i will make sure that whatever part of the code I am changing I will read thoroughly before I make changes. This will mean I understand exactly what I am doing and will not waste time. For example, if I had read the code first, I would have noticed there was a css tab for all the h font sizes, and so could have just changed and added code to that bracket rather than add the same thing to each individual bracket. This will improve my learning by making me more efficient.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


