---
title: Blog entry 3
layout: post
author: jamie.bozier
permalink: /blog-entry-3/
source-id: 17Ag-UXaoYtiYTGtOQ5njt8QaDL09_mgHNncFNRnIrMI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making a blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>26/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A customised website using css</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To review background colour and to add a table. Finish customising website</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I changed my background to have a gradient, and added a table with specific heights of different boxes. I also changed my name and status on my website</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today, I learnt by doing some research on other websites, and how they blended their backgrounds with the texts and then saw what colours and styles worked well together. I found that single colored backgrounds were not very effective, neither were overly colourful or bright backgrounds. However, I found a simple, gradient background was often used in websites, and hence I used one like that. This was a method I found effective; researching what other professionals had done and what looks good, not what just looks cool. Another technique I used was making good use of my initiative. As I missed the previous lesson, I had not customised my name and my status. However, I thought logically and used my initiative to find the code for it, eventually changing my name, status and avatar.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Personally, I think that my inability to check and think about what was going wrong limited my learning today. When I committed my changes, I sometimes saw an error message, normally because of incorrect syntax. I did not comprehend these messages very well, and rushed in changing stuff that didn't need to be changed, just making the code worse. I need to work on reading the error messages, trying pinpoint exactly from them what the error was.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I will need to be better at comprehending and reflecting on the error messages that I get, making sure that I then change what the message tells me is wrong. As a result of this, my work will be more productive for 2 reasons. The first is that it makes it easier for me to understand the exact error, and change the exact bit so I can fix it first time, and the second being that I do not just randomly change the thing that I put in, in order to ensure i fix the correct error and do not create any more for myself. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


