---
title: Reflecting on other websites	
layout: post
author: jamie.bozier
permalink: /blog-entry-8/
source-id: 1yyQfoUiRMHoSSy9QjTJ6nsCb_3bum2AESa4orKNVT0Y
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Blog entry 8</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>014/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>A level 5 or 6 website with all blogs there, good colour scheme, spreadsheet embedded, and different looking table headers</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>To review my own work and to understand how to improve it to a level 7 standard</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> Yes. I have some clear and achievable targets that I can work on, later mentioned in this blog.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I learnt by reflecting on others work, listening to Mr Keen's advice, and taking comprehensive notes. Reflecting on other people’s work allowed me to understand better how the work is marked using the Mark scheme, and allowed me to see what parts of other people's websites looked good or worked well, and this meant that I could attempt to add a similar feature. By taking notes on Mr Keen's marking of other people's work in the lesson, it allowed me to think a bit more critically and logically about my website, and resulted in some changes and some new additions to it.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think being slightly small minded about this entire project has limited me. Although I have completed all the work set to the best of my ability, I could have challenged myself more and questioned what I could do a bit more.I could have tried to add in a navbar/dropdown earlier than this week, and I could have explored how I could have changed the layout of my page more, by looking up effective websites on google and going on w3schools to find out how to do it.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I have multiple things that I have done and are going to do. The first is that I have changed the background, because although my previous colour scheme did work, I found it distracted from the some of the blogs a bit, and in certain areas ( as it was not a single colour background) made the  tex6t a bit hard to read. My background is now simpler but just as effective. Secondly, I changed the titles of my entries to make them more specific to that week.Also, I labelled some of the tds to ths accidentally, so I have changed that. Additionally, I am going to make the embedded spreadsheets bigger and more readable. Finally, I have added a dropdown navigation bar, with working links to my blog entries and about pages. With these changes, and maintaining a good quality of blog post, my blog should be a level 7</td>
  </tr>
</table>


 

