---
title: Blog 10
layout: post
author: jamie.bozier
permalink: /blog-10/
source-id: 1uipRqzHRDdPgr6vGGLFDjiCejYeWgs5ty3wE9jKPQOk
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Creating Quizzes using Python</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Basic knowledge of Python</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To have made a Buzzfeed like quiz</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I created a basic, working political party quiz. However, I did not put in functions.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Today I learnt well by planning ahead. I worked out what my questions were going to be and how I would work out, based on their answers, what political party they would be best aligned with.This allowed me to work efficiently and to get all the questions and the formulae written. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think I could have been a bit smarter with copying and pasting. I should have made sure I had one question completed fully and then copying and pasting rather than doing it mostly, not thinking fully about everything I needed to put in and then copy and paste it. For example, I didn't put in something that would ask the question again if they didn't put in a valid answer I could have been smarter while doing this.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will make a function which looks at whether the answer is valid, to improve my quiz. Also, to make it easier to understand, I will try to put functions into my code. This should also make my code easier to edit.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


