---
title: Blog 11
layout: post
author: jamie.bozier
permalink: /blog-11/
source-id: 1TjRaxl8a4atp_FU5tiewIxiAi25pCnIzMrtlv7ihgGI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Simple Python and improving Github</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>21/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>A working quiz</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Put in functions to make sure the user types a valid answer</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes
</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt today by exploring loops and what they could do. For example, I used a while True in my work. I learnt that return can break a"While True” loop, and therefore if the user ut in a correct answer, my program returned something, breaking the loop. However, when the user put in a wrong answer, my program didn't return anything. This meant my program kept answering the question until the user put in a valid answer. Another strategy I found effective was by being more logical when tackling errors in my code. Rather than just rushing in and going to the line the error is on,  I looked systematically, looking for semicolons and brackets unclosed. This resulted in me using my time effectively.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think that today my learning was limited because I didn't test what I did enough. I should have made small changes to my working code and then tested them, so I knew they worked. On the contrary, I made a lot of changes to my code and then when I didnt work it was hard for me to  pinpoint where the error was.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will reistit my blog, as I have not worked on it for a while. In order to be successful in editing my blog, I need to be able to prioritise what it is most important I change. I need to change quite a few things on my blog, but I will not have time to do all of them, and so I need to prioritise the most important changes I need to make. Also, I need to be able to manage my time effectively so I can get a lot done.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


